In just the USA.
Over 150 million people
have limited transportation.
That's almost
half the population.
And in even poorer countries
around the world,
lack of transportation
is even higher.
A year ago, when we found out
about the shortage of sanitary
drinking water in Kenya,
we distributed
dozens of Lectric eBikes
to water deliverymen
who used to push their heavily
loaded bicycles over
ten miles around the city
just to make $7 a day.
With their new bikes,
they are now able to do
a lot more trips per day,
which leads to significantly
more income for their families.
You have made work easier.
And after seeing the profound
impact it had on the community,
we went to our partners
at Lectric eBikes
to see if they
wanted to help us.
Seeing how they sponsored 13 of
our Beast Philanthropy videos.
I don't think you'll be shocked
to hear
that they donated $600,000
worth of Lectric eBikes
We then asked you guys
to nominate a person you knew
that was in need of life
changing transportation.
And after receiving
thousands of videos
of amazing people in need.
We were so excited to start
giving them away.
This e-bike
would change my life.
That will help me and my husband
so much.
We're kicking off this massive
giveaway
right here in North Carolina
where Darren will give away
the first of over 600 bikes.
This is Maria,
a single mother
of two children who works
for 14 hours a day
washing dishes only
to send the little pay
she has back to her
children in Guatemala,
who she hasn't seen in years.
I have been here for a long time.
It's been 5 years now.
And on top of her
long working hours,
she still has to walk
for miles every single day
just to get to
and from work.
This is the first of
hundreds of bikes
that we're going to be
giving away across the country.
And because this is
the first one,
we're going to surprise Maria
with an extra $5,000 in cash.
Okay, Let's go surprise her.
We got you a present.
Maria told us
she donates whatever
she has left to feed poor kids
from her village back home.
So on top of the $5,000,
we surprised her
with an additional
$7,000
so that she can help her
village in Guatemala.
With this new bike,
Maria can easily
get to and from work
in only 10 minutes,
not being able
to get to work
or to get to school
or to get to your
medical appointments.
It exacerbates the problems
that people face
and it keeps them
trapped in the circumstances
that they are in.
Now, if you
thought that was special.
we still have
599 more to go.
It’s going to get crazy.
No way!
Yes, it is here.
It looks so good.
I went super far.
Thank you guys so much.
Now, it was time to meet Conrad.
Every single day,
he walks a total of 4 hours
just to get to work and back.
I'm the type of person
that works
you know, 80 hours a week,
but with me not having
transportation is hard for me
to even get 40 hours a week.
I want to own my own business
one day.
And with me being able
to have transportation,
it would be easier
to get to that goal
of owning my own business.
Conrad’s Story is just
another example of the dire
need for transportation.
Oh Wow!
This bike
will now save Conrad
3 hours
every single day.
Because now I
won't be standing still.
I'll be slowly moving forward
to the next goal in my life.
I can't believe I'm
saying this, but
we still have 400 more to go.
Thanks!
Look at this bike.
So sick.
Thank you, MrBeast
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
You have no idea
how much it means to me.
It’s so smooth.
Thanks!
Thank you.
Thank you, this means so much to me.
We then met
with Amanda and Susan,
two incredible women from
the Interfaith Refugee Center
who have dedicated
their entire lives
to support thousands of refugees
and provide them
with the necessities
they need to live a normal life.
They've left their culture.
They've left their language.
They've left their families.
And we see them probably
at one of the lowest points
of their lives.
And despite their best efforts,
the lack of transportation
makes it incredibly difficult
for the refugees to easily
integrate into society.
They rely on
volunteers or staff to
get to the places
they need to go.
Reliable transportation
can change the lives
of so many of these refugees.
So we decided to donate
10 Lectric eBikes
to the refugee center.
These bikes will enable
the refugees to move around,
get to their jobs,
and even help
integrating
into the communities.
We've made it pretty far,
but we still have 200
more bikes to give away,
which, mind
you, is worth 200 grand.
And I'm not really sure
why they gave us all these bikes
for free, shoutout
to Lectric eBikes.
Let's keep helping people.
Look at the box
It’s here.
Thanks Beast Philanthropy!
Thank you MrBeast.
Thank you.
I drove it through
like a fort of snow today
And it did great!
You guys have actually
changed my life.
I just want to say thank you.
I can go anywhere
I want now.
Thank you, MrBeast.
And this will help me a ton.
I appreciate it.
I want to thank you
all very, very much.
And now it was time
for the very last recipient.
This is Reginald.
He has lived
at this community center
for 12 years,
helping those in need.
My daughters
and my grandkids
are my inspiration.
If you keep doing good,
good things
are going to come out of it.
And although he is making
a positive impact
on those around him,
he still has
to walk one hour
every day to the nearest bus
stop to get to work.
If I would have
any other sort of transportation
it would be a blessing
just to keep moving around
and staying active with myself.
And I want to be active
for my grandkids.
A reliable form of transport
can allow Reginald
to spend more time
with his family.
What? Wow!
Thank you so much.
The extraordinarily generous
donation from Lectric eBikes
has enabled us
to give people an opportunity
to unleash
their full potential with
something as simple
as transportation.
Lectric eBikes time and time
again steps up to the plate,
asks for very little
and just helps us help
as many people as possible.
And in this video, they gave us
$600,000 worth of bikes.
If you ever were curious
if a brand actually
likes helping people
and wants to do good,
you shouldn't have to wonder
that about Lectric eBikes
If there ever was a brand
you need to support, it's them.
Also subscribe
or Darren will cry.
Please don't make me cry.